# Meteor-UI5
This package is a work in progress for using UI5 with Meteor.  It contains
a new UI5 model for reactively binding meteor collections and queries to
UI5 controls.  It does not include the OpenUI5 library itself which has to be bootstrapped via a script element in HTML in the normal manner.

**WARNING:** This software is in an early beta state. Even `0.x` minor version and patch releases may contain breaking changes.

## Using this package
This package can be added to your meteor project with `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5`.

Please see the [Meteor Ui5 website](http://meteor-ui5.propellerlabs.io) for documentation and demos of all of the features of this package. In particular, the following resources might be useful:
* [Quickstart guide](http://meteor-ui5.propellerlabs.io/#/docs/quickstart)
* [Tutorial](http://meteor-ui5.propellerlabs.io/#/tutorial)

## Building
1. After cloning the repo, run `npm install` to install build dependencies.
1. Run `npm run-script build` after making any changes to files in the `src/` directory. This will rebuild the `dist/` files and the documentation.  Meteor's own build tool will handle everything after that.

## Project folder structure
| Path | Purpose |
| ---- | ------- |
| `dist`† | The contents of the meteor package as built by the Grunt tool.   |
| `doc`† | Doc pages as generated by the jsdoc3 tool during the build process. |
| `src` | All of the source files for the package. |
| `src/meteor` | Meteor components source. |
| `src/ui5` | UI5 components source. |
| `temp`† | Temporary build process area. |
 **† WARNING!** Do not make manual changes in these folders as they will be overwritten by the build process.

## Running your copy of this repo
To use your local version of the code in a meteor project:
1. Create a `packages` folder in the root of your meteor project
1. In that folder create a symbolic link to the `dist` folder in this repo - e.g. `ln -s ~/git/meteor-ui5/dist meteor-ui5`
1. Install the package with the normal command, i.e. `meteor add propellerlabsio:meteor-ui5`.

## Roadmap

### v0.1 - currently under construction

1. Build Meteor UI5 version of accounts-ui for integration with unified shell. (Needed for tutorial that will roughly follow Meteor Blaze tutorial)
1. [Open v0.1 milestone issues](https://github.com/propellerlabsio/meteor-ui5/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3Av0.1)

### v0.2+

1. Add multifilter support (where single filter object is itself an array of filters with and/or conditions defined between them).
1. Filtering/sorting on list binding to array properties of single documents.
1. Add support for two-way binding (requires allow write to collections - not Meteor best practice which is update via method).
1. Add support for paging.  UI5 instantiates multiple control objects for every record in a list.  Need to limit the amount of front-end memory consumed when paging through large lists.
1. Incorporate UI5 webapp into meteor build process.
1. Add tests

### Maybe

1. Add TreeBinding model

## Version history
| Version | Description |
| ---- | ------- |
| `0.0.1` | Initial version that was a demo hack based on a copy of the standard JSONModel.  While it worked, the approach was wrong for two reasons: It stored document data in the model instances - unnecessary and not performant - and it also had a new model created for each subscription and cursor (query). |
| `0.1.0` | **Breaking changes** Bottom up build of a completely new model that addresses shortcomings of previous approach. |

## License
This software is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 - see LICENSE.txt
